README.md, before:

<!---
This README.md file is based on https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template

Copyright (c) 2021 Othneil Drew

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
-->

<a name="readme-top"></a>



<br />
<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">MFA Call Code Reader</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A simple Python script that converts alpha-numeric codes to speech. Can be hooked to a VoIP softphone and serve as part of an MFA call service.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/aous-al-salek/MFA-Call-Code-Reader/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/aous-al-salek/MFA-Call-Code-Reader/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <li><a href="#requirements">Requirements</a></li>
    <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



## Getting Started

This program takes an alpha-numeric code as a singular argument without white-spaces and plays mp3 files corresponding to the letters and numbers of the code.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>



## Requirements

There are no requirements other than the [`playsound`](https://pypi.org/project/playsound/) Python module.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>



## Installation

Depends heavily on your implementation. In its current state, you can just run it using a command with the code as a singular argument without white-spaces.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>



## License

Distributed under the MIT license. See the [`LICENSE`](https://github.com/aous-al-salek/MFA-Call-Code-Reader/blob/main/LICENSE) file for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Clarified README.md
Added clarification about the mp3 files being examples

README.md, after:

<!---
This README.md file is based on https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template

Copyright (c) 2021 Othneil Drew

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
-->

<a name="readme-top"></a>



<br />
<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">MFA Call Code Reader</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A simple Python script that converts alpha-numeric codes to speech. Can be hooked to a VoIP softphone and serve as part of an MFA call service.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/aous-al-salek/MFA-Call-Code-Reader/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/aous-al-salek/MFA-Call-Code-Reader/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <li><a href="#requirements">Requirements</a></li>
    <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



## Getting Started

This program takes an alpha-numeric code as a singular argument without white-spaces and plays mp3 files corresponding to the letters and numbers of the code. Make sure to acquire better audio files for the letters and numbers. The included mp3 files of letters, numbers, and error messages are only examples, as some of them are not of good quality.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>



## Requirements

There are no requirements other than the [`playsound`](https://pypi.org/project/playsound/) Python module.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>



## Installation

Depends heavily on your implementation. In its current state, you can just run it using a command with the code as a singular argument without white-spaces. Make sure to acquire better audio files for the letters and numbers. The included mp3 files of letters, numbers, and error messages are only examples, as some of them are not of good quality.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>



## License

Distributed under the MIT license. See the [`LICENSE`](https://github.com/aous-al-salek/MFA-Call-Code-Reader/blob/main/LICENSE) file for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">⬆️</a>)</p>
